I start the live stream I don't think
that live stream works but doesn't
matter the recording is one welcome
everyone to this week's IPL the team
sync meeting
it's September 16th 2019 as every week
we tell everyone what we've working on
and what we do next
and also discuss any open items we have
as every week is also start with myself
I actually have no clue what I've been
working on so I definitely worked on the
excimer stuff and rests but I actually
can't recall anything else and there was
probably other stuff as well but yeah
probably wasn't this important the story
but the silver stuff Trust is that the
official civil library which is using
Shirley which is the civilizing this
realizing which is widely used rust
doesn't support and there is a page
available from freedom which adds text
tags which wouldn't be merged and I
found another library using survey form
message pack which I think so they have
a similar thing to takes in Seymour I
think they found a pretty smart way so
I'm trying this one to see if I can
convince the author to perhaps much my
version of it and but I
ongoing work and yeah we'll see how this
goes all right
and then next on my list is Eric
remembering my wig either but so I guess
I've been trying to figure out -
something's been just playing what's
next
in cochin so last week or so we got the
concept of like we can handle strokes
now the serialization works
no abstractions shattered thrilled right
so this week I spent a bunch of time
trying to enumerate just all the design
choices that we've got coming up about
how generated code should look and feel
and so there's a whole bunch of
interesting questions going on there
this stuff that's dumb is basically
regarding the generic LeMond amorphize
that you know interfaces that we are
pretty used to dealing with but those
still aren't like the end of the story
the ergonomics that we're going to be
going forward
koujun will want like the struct field
names to have accessor methods with
those magic names and codon and things
like that so it gets much much worse
than that
and for strongest especially there's a
ton of their own beans because that is
not a concept like oh maybe I can do it
in many different ways but getting
economics questions so lots more to go
there I've got a document with some
decisions outlines but I think is
probably more to discover them before
it's any procedure on coloring it so
that and trying to assist with all the
other awesome workaround scheme is
basically cool things so next one is the
wrong
okay sorry I'm just trying hammering it
out while I'm I guess which is
unfortunate because Erica didn't
properly listen to what you're saying
but I think I think you're capturing
what we've talked a lot about anyway
so my wakers will been specs
oh sorry schemas here's a basic list
just from looking back over mainly the
specs repo which is telling me most of
what I've been doing string drawing
string pairs and list pairs and now in
jeaious go and the specs they were in
the docs but now they're it's fully
expect and that's in the implementations
the ampersand link stuff is or lives in
all the implementations and the specs we
had now haven't any scalar in the specs
to cover the sort of EPS and any I know
they're sorry love that anyway we're
going towards that idea of in any we
didn't quite get to any because it turns
out to become more complicated than that
but we're getting towards it we have in
any scale of a now by pricked by prefix
representation for there's unions we
lifted that from the far coin specs
including Jason and go X let's say that
were either a union of different kinds
of bytes so you got to you know you get
two or three things that are of byte
kind but are named types you have to put
them in the union with bike prefix and
you give them each an integer value then
that integer will differentiate between
what the trailing bytes are so that's in
the specs Jason go into representation
for enums again lifted from file coin
that's still in spec process it is
actually in the in I think it's in the
implementations already but it needs to
be merged in the specs
um there was another thing in here
threat advanced so the advanced data
layout stuff we boiled down last week to
some syntax and then that's still import
request in this box repo Erik raise some
interesting challenges with that
yesterday was regard to like thinking
through the encryption news case and
whether it even makes sense to have it
as a representation and how these things
compose together and unpack and that's
he left me with that thought as I was
going to bed so I haven't I haven't
fully I started writing something figure
out how that would look and I could see
some other problems he was giving it so
we're gonna need to figure out this week
right but that sort of that's a bit
that's one of the big blockers right now
it's getting that syntax merge so I'm
actually wondering whether there's a
short path here because I would really
like to get to the point this week of
being able to validate the file coin
specs as with some minor changes to
their syntax and the whole string key
thing but if we can get those changes in
at you know at least at least my branch
with like the four pull requests or
three bullets whatever it was I'd like
to be able to validate that and the two
things that are missing is the advanced
layout syntax which Michael also needs
for universe v2 so that's why it's a
priority and then the other thing is the
they're using aliases so type alias is
where you know type foo bar
so you're saying foo is the type of bar
Eric and I were talking about that
yesterday and how one might concede of
that through the hole
a schema process belly flows truth if we
can figure those two things out then
that would satisfy the goal of being
able to validate far coin specs with
some other changes to them that that
would be a nice thing to get to this
week yeah and yeah I think that's right
I was just gonna say like the events
layouts is the last thing that's
blocking me actually
so I mean aliases like once they're in
I'll probably use them at some point of
time but there's actually like a lot of
updates they'll have to make to the to
my schema gen stuff won't aliases land
because right now I'm speaking to Erik's
kind of carnality concept the
encoder/decoder paths are basically the
same because they take decoding block
data or data that you had you want to
give to create a block and those are
identical Linton had aliases in which
case you didn't know which way to flip
things but yeah so that's like the last
thing that I was thinking about a fast
path to that and which is because this
these interns there are gracious today
are valid and does suggest that we need
to think about this more carefully I was
thinking that maybe what I could do is
get a get a form into the J esparza that
conforms to what we agreed to last week
with regard to advanced layout syntax
but every time you use it it spits out a
warning to standard error and says this
is this is not necessarily going to be
the final form but it's usable and then
that would work for the file coin and
your use case but give us that out which
there's we haven't this is running the
specs yet we haven't quite figured this
one out but it's usable to start playing
with it may change now you're on mute
Michael sorry yeah I'm totally okay with
that changing rating that's right
yeah that would give some breathing room
so we don't rush something through that
we might end up regretting
not but not that it's a big deal to
change these things right now we don't
know with any consumers of this stuff so
it's not so breaking changes and not the
worst but it'll be good to get this one
run yeah I guess
as far as breaking changes go this seems
like one of the less scary places to
have show up it doesn't have a splash
radius that's any bigger than itself and
so yeah I think I do like pretty
mornings I should note that in here I'll
go back to that when I'm done speaking
so the last thing was this progress 1
line 2 which is a distillation of 180
and 184 I think they were so the
hashmaps back the hemp spec I it
currently encodes keys as bytes so
whether you provide string keys or byte
keys in the interface it will encode
them onto the block as bytes this
proposal changes that to store it to to
storing a union of bytes or strings so
if you provide string keys in the
implementation it will store string keys
and if you provide bytes keys it will
store bytes um now according to our data
model if you use this as a dermal
replacement like an advanced layout then
you probably should only be using
strings but the implementation that
allowance for bytes is no it's by 2
in fact more efficient than strings
because you don't have to convert them
to do the hashing and there are there
are use cases for bytes so there wasn't
a lot of interesting discussion in 184
in particular I think that have led to
this change being proposed so I'd like
to make progress on that but I still
wanted to get more information from some
of other people that were talking about
use cases so that's that's all for now I
think that's plenty more as busy week
last week for me but
I think that's all the notable stuff
Michael your
hey yeah so last week it was just more
of the same more progress on the ecstasy
to stuff or progress on this image and
that is using the big change is that so
week before last I had encoding working
and then I started on the breeder and
then with Dicer then the leader all of a
sudden we didn't do multi block because
when you're writing you can think about
a block at a time previously put when
you're reading you have to or you can
produce a block at a time where there
but when you're reading like especially
reading through these schema generated
ap is the whole point of them is that
you can define where the block
boundaries on that sort of like easily
occurs through them so doing that like
we're cursing through the union's in the
fairly transparent way that kind of
stuff worked on that have some pretty
basic stuff working now on the reader
side of it the initial sort of API
generation stuff that I did was a little
messy and it's gotten a little bit
cleaned up but it's now starting to show
where it's really really messy and it'll
probably need to be factored a bit at
some point yeah alright so at the bottom
I see an entrant item and if we are
interested in thinking about losing a
game instead of crew pet I don't have a
string strong opinion on it so whenever
someone does a PR on the team management
repository and points to some other pet
that's fine for me but yeah so if
anywhere else has an opinion it just
check
forever for these kerb pads to open and
like we don't really need them to be
encrypted because it's not private
yeah and we take it out and put it into
the emulation one trip in public so he
makes more sense to me but yeah that's
fine for me all right
[Music]
what else is in there a really awesome
idea of parsing markdown and extracting
in Spain but also awesome yeah I almost
forgot about that because I wrote it in
like two hours but uh yeah I mean it's
well we're not even really parsing
markdown like we're parsing code blocks
out of the markdown we never actually
like you and throw it into a markdown
parser um because it's just unnecessary
like we do something very similar to
what broker posted with those awk
scripts it's just we needed the the type
of the code block so you know Brittany I
ended up earning my own thing and then
rod changed a bunch so I don't even know
what it looks like now but it's great
actually
yeah it's simpler than a regex it's
literally like a generator that like
looks for the next index of the string
markdown it's all utf-8 saying something
awesome I can tell but no no it's the so
yeah Michael mutters initial version
just stripped them out and and then
treated each block as a different part
I'm wrote I rewrote it so instead of
doing that it just it took the markdown
and then replaced everything that wasn't
spec with blank lines and then when you
pass that through
apasa you get errors that tell you the
line numbers saying they're applying
your markdown dog so that's okay that's
right because because when you're doing
the file coin dogs they're huge it's
like okay you've got expected curly
brace okay we're here but now it says
expected curly brace this line which is
see I had so I had been working with an
older version of your schema parser for
quite a while that didn't have line
numbers so I was kind of used to not
getting and then you fix that but then
yeah when I was pulling them out of the
market that's that's great though that's
cool too so that that means that means
that a whole fat markdown files in is
getting partially one schema JSON right
rather than each block being so if even
more than that so yes that's true but
then if you do multiple markdown Doc's
it'll merge them into one schema so for
file coin
they've got ASCII must split across a
heap of docs and now when you process
them it'll merge them all together and
if you've got duplicate types it will
even warn you and say sorry there's an
error here you've duplicated it and so
okay so this one thing okay should be
you're doing that on top of just like
they're throwing it into the parser
right because yeah well and then and
there and now it works now because two
schema is is well there's a pull request
anyway in the JavaScript parser the tree
schema works with the two so you run
that across the [ __ ] Docs and they
will just spit out canonical form
schemas for all function which is pretty
sweet
and presumably Cochin would also work
for them cool
so it just were to mention the dice
sometime on my on my aux group so
there's basically every compro gets its
own file so this was the hard part of it
I would have known that you only want
this singer file it's like super easy
that's good to know yeah
cool so we could also have a tool that
keeps carrying on with that same kind of
idea maybe I don't wanna be rewriting
your mahkum yeah because they would not
rewrite any of the markdown lines and
just rewrite the code blocks with my go
programmers happy at least maybe that
would still be a bit harder yeah the
tricky bit there is that you would lose
your comments unless we want to pull
comments into metadata but I like the
idea of comments being a thing that is
encouraged in schemas sometimes rod you
and I have been chatting about like how
it would be simultaneously it seems
useful but I'd also just incredibly
frustrating Papworth like okay if I type
in communication yes t type of mutation
this is the comments are none of those
things it makes me wonder if having the
separate ast one is actually a good idea
so that stuff can be persisted there but
I have mixed feelings about this so I
understand that out there I don't think
we were one the comments to change the
hash of a schema so that also informs
things that aren't but we didn't
sometimes make sense these comments
change this schema so the busy you have
a new word like a new version if you
change some comments what I mean is that
that's one of the nice things about
having the JSON for me so it's this
canonical thing that is that is good
although that say something well no it's
both it's it's in but although
I mean Eric here's another thing about
that which is the ordering I guess with
Jason that sort of helps but that's
something that this go map ordering
thing has been just crazy for making
Jason these yeah that's driven me
slightly nuts every time I [ __ ] up
against it in the last yeah I've had
that repeatedly that's annoying every
time um so far on your question about
hack MD I don't care I may but maybe
it's worth giving it a go just for a
week at least to see if it's better than
it let's set up for next week doing it
and maybe you will like it yeah I will I
would click on any any pet that is in
the readme of the team and cool em is
there anything else ok cool then I close
the IPL desync meeting and say grind and
stop the livestream and stop the
recording